what is that that is London
how would you define terrorism the
current definition is any individual or
group it uses violence to achieve a
political goal
the administration believes that the
drug cartels fit that definition
you want to see this thing through
I'm gonna have to get dirty turn it in
this hold those new rules this time
adios
help us start a war with hope
everyone good afternoon
massage as you know parole and a
privilege it's a mistake but it happened
and if I were to be released I would um
I would just want the simple life I just
want to hold down a job make some
friends you know pay my bills even if
this was possible it made 20 people 7
people why do you need to do this cuz
that's what I'm gonna come I want to
take you to make seven pieces of jewelry
in five or six hours how long if I told
you you didn't have to live with your
mother anymore
it's need the water for DNA
which man named wall which real name
eight-ball what if we could make all
this go away my watch back please
then purse as well sorry okay I am with
my family I told him having a garage let
me tell you how big a job knows I'm out
of a job I'll be back before you know
can I come with you this is mommy's very
special work trip
in three and a half weeks the Met will
be hosting its annual ball and we are
going to rob it not the ball itself the
neck of Daphne Kluger valued at over a
hundred million dollars revenge it's a
twofer do not run a job in a job
these are Swift can't we just go to this
do we have to steal stop yes
is it genetic or the whole family like
this literally
the medical marijuana is already a
multi-billion dollar industry the future
is this weed pill I'm still not sure
about this
look most people will tell you Buzz
Aldrin walked on the moon but even a
complete idiot will tell you Neil
Armstrong did it first and do you know
why he went first positions hatch
opening hiss because he pushed buzz
older and the [ __ ] out of the way and
sees history by the ball sack I'm
satisfied
look man you're in some deep water
Harold like bankruptcy dude then cash
pool no I'm saying you're poor poor
tomorrow you can apply to Mexico what we
want you to hand-deliver the weed pill
formula to the lab and I'm not supposed
to touch the minibar but I'm going to do
it you know I don't even care anymore
I'm doing it I'm having the moon
what a [ __ ] cry-baby
Harold I'm just gonna spit this out and
if it fee
we sold a little product to the cartels
but when we cut them off they got a
little angry I know a guy I've tracked
down dictators if I can find a guy in
middle management what do they want
injected a microchip oh good I need to
keep track II can't scare me the tails
of the big guy cartels I don't things
work not in Mexico Harold Harold
you really believe in God of course I
believe in God what kind of person does
not believe in God I guess I kind of do
but not things you can just have to get
better for you trust me
I have good instincts
and dad once said to me tragedy has a
way of finding people grip on some
people till they curl up into a ball
oh my god what have I done
let mr. Kennedy chose to Kevin's death
she hissed of a mammal the influence but
the hell happened teddy
it was an accident
I was driving
story like this could dominate the
headlines for weeks chief we got a body
that body holds a lot of Secrets those
can be the difference between guilt and
innocence so we need to be in control of
them there's not a lot of senators that
are charged with manslaughter that go on
to become present what do we do to help
the senator
we tell the truth
or at least our version I've been
diagnosed with a concussion I haven't
examined the patient yet these theatrics
are not gonna hold up in a court of law
gonna how are you guys I'm not going to
be the one to find by my floors if her
family doesn't blame you
why should America I want to be a great
man
I just don't know who I am
his family persevere we have a true
compass and we follow
Moses had a temper
Peter betrayed Jesus I have
Chappaquiddick Moses had a temper but he
never left a girl at the bottom of the
Red Sea
it's Christmas Eve
time history
expectations who knows what might happen
time has come
I have a dream
song to see I'm so glad you're here
I'm pregnant but I don't know how to do
this by myself
your mother is the greatest person who
ever made my baby
let me tell you how she did it all on
her own
life is short the world is wide
I want to make some memories
this dress might look very pretty on you
you don't know me at all do you
I think we should stay here together I
wish I could stay here too
turns out he's engaged I hate it when
they do that I was cheated by you I
think you know look at me now will I
ever learn I don't know how but I
suddenly lose control
there's a fire within my soul never felt
closer to my mom she wasn't scared
because she had me
we can't tell anybody else about the
baby okay
I just told bill and I told Harry I told
many many people let's get the party
started grandma you weren't invited
that's the best kind of party little
girl for Doug and his best friend hot
knob
every day was great Barry mister
upcoming hunting today wouldn't miss it
for the world
and every night was a party until the
day everything changed
to the Badlands the edge of stone is
over long live the edge of bronze
how are we gonna get overly back
let's again commence
we challenge the champions a caveman
caveman you took all hope
if we win you leave my tribe in peace
what an idea you think you can beat Rael
bronzy oh I can help if we play this
game and beat them at it we can have our
Valley back
what happens if you kick the ball in the
goal
then other men hug and kiss you I'll
give it a go you're losers caveman
always I've been always will be
if we work together we may just stand
the chance we're still a try
no we always hunt rabbits couldn't we
try hunting something bigger
why am I even trying to be a nurse I'm
gonna be delivering pizzas and cleaning
carpets for the rest of my life
you're very attractive for a carpet
thing lady although you maybe could do
something with your hair yeah no that's
not it it's your face yeah give you $1
millon snack you know I was just hired
to do carpets right you're fired
I bet you haven't worked a single day in
your entire self-absorbed life just pay
me and I'll be on my way
nope here's the devil I owe the cleaning
company 3000 bucks for a new machine and
they fired me rich people who get away
with everything I don't know what day it
is I don't even know my own name of
ninja in our little tone that's him I
have an idea that is poetic in its
justice I'm here to pick up my husband
give me my wife for better words baby
yep we had to use the sperm donor you're
getting picked up for work bright and
early I work three job
I want to fake husband
anymore
till we need to take him to the hospital
even Bobby nobody else do it like that